feat(content): Hai culture conversation for acorn bread (#10675)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai culture conversations.txt

			`	You take a look around and note that the restaurant is actually quite crowded. There are Hai dressed in fancy tuxedos, fashionable clothing, casual dress, and even some wearing peculiar overalls with holes in the backs for their tails; there don't seem to be any other humans. With only a few seats available, you select one on the end, next to a rather large Hai wearing green overalls and an orange straw hat. He grunts noncommittally as you sit down on a stool clearly designed for an organism with a tail. Before long, the hostess approaches and asks for your order.`
			choice
				`	"I'll have today's special."`
				`	"I'd like some soup, please."`
			`	"You're in luck," she says. "Today only, each meal is served with a free side of acorn bread." She scampers off to place and retrieve your order.`
			`	The Hai next to you grunts again - this time with clear frustration - and turns to speak. "Acorn bread! That's all they serve here anymore. Ever since you humans arrived in our space, that's all we get to eat. Traditional Hai breadmaking has become a lost art."`
			choice

> 				`	"You mean there's more than just acorn bread?"`

Reviewer: https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/pull/9738#discussion_r1520371683
This choice is somewhat incongruous with the rest of the conversation as they currently are.

Author: How about this:
```suggestion
				`	"Traditional Hai breadmaking?"`
```

> 			`	The Hai next to you grunts again - this time with clear frustration - and turns to speak. "Acorn bread! That's all they serve here anymore. Ever since you humans arrived in our space, that's all we get to eat. Traditional Hai breadmaking has become a lost art."`
> 			choice
> 				`	"Traditional Hai breadmaking?"`
> 					goto breads
> 				`	"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend your culture."`
> 			`	The look on his face softens. "I should be the one to apologize. It's not your fault that our spaceports' menus have changed in this respect. Humans have also brought new life to many parts of Hai society. It is only a pity that we have to travel far to find the types of bread that we had in years past."`
> 			`	"You mean there was more than just acorn bread?" you ask.`
> 			label breads
> 			`	"Oh yes. Acorn bread was a rare sight in Hai cuisine. It's too sweet, you see." He shifts his weight on the stool. "I'm old enough to remember hayipp bread, yur ki bread - you name it. Hayipp is a grain, similar to your human 'corn,' which creates a wholesome ruddy brown flour when milled. The bread was hearty, yet exquisite." You note the wistful look on his face. "Yur ki is a milk, sourced from the livestock we raise. You may have seen some on Newhome; I'm told your kind has a similar animal called 'sheep.' Bread made from yur ki is rich and decadent. It is among my favorite foods to have for breakfast." He pauses for a moment and looks a bit downcast. "Since humans have joined us on our planets, all they want is acorn bread. The high demand has displaced all of the traditional breads that I grew up with from high traffic areas such as this spaceport restaurant. I miss having them easily available."`

Reviewer: I don't think this response makes sense following the question "Traditional Hai breadmaking?"
The same (out of place) question is also repeated after the other branch of conversation.
```suggestion
			`	The Hai next to you grunts again - this time with clear frustration - and turns to speak. "Acorn bread! That's all they serve here anymore. Ever since you humans arrived in our space, that's all we get to eat. Traditional Hai breadmaking has become a lost art."`
			choice
				`	"Can you tell me about traditional Hai breadmaking?"`
				`	"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend your culture."`
				goto offend
			`	He seems somewhat calmed by your interest.`
				goto breads
			label offend
			`	The look on his face softens. "I should be the one to apologize. It's not your fault that our spaceports' menus have changed in this respect. Humans have also brought new life to many parts of Hai society. It is only a pity that we have to travel far to find the types of bread that we had in years past."`
			`	"Can you tell me about other types of bread?" you ask.`
			label breads
			`	"Oh yes." He shifts his weight on the stool. "I'm old enough to remember hayipp bread, yur ki bread - you name it. Hayipp is a grain, similar to your human 'corn,' which creates a wholesome ruddy brown flour when milled. The bread was hearty, yet exquisite." You note the wistful look on his face. "Yur ki is a milk, sourced from the livestock we raise. You may have seen some on Newhome; I'm told your kind has a similar animal called 'sheep.' Bread made from yur ki is rich and decadent. It is among my favorite foods to have for breakfast." He pauses for a moment and looks a bit downcast. "Acorn bread was once a rare sight in Hai cuisine. Far too sweet. But, since humans have joined us on our planets, all they want is acorn bread. The high demand has displaced all of the traditional breads that I grew up with from high traffic areas such as this spaceport restaurant. I miss having them easily available."`
```
